Update troubleshooting.rst (#9757)
nextcloud/documentation: admin_manual/office/troubleshooting.rst

    This docker image is designed for home usage. If you need a more scalable solution, consider a support subscription for a reliable, business-ready online office experience.

Issue: Collabora Online doesn't work with Encryption.
    Yes, this is currently unsupported.
    

> Issue: Nextcloud Office could not connect to the built-in Collabora Online - Built-in CODE server. 
>     Please check if in /etc/hosts the entry
>     ```
>     127.0.0.1 www.yourdomain.com 
>     ```
>     is entered.
>     if the WOPI warning still appears under Settings/Administration/Office, enter the IP 127.0.0.1 under "Allow list for WOPI requests".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Issue: Nextcloud Office could not connect to the built-in Collabora Online - Built-in CODE server. 
    Make sure that the Nextcloud instance is able to reach itself using the same hostname that is used to access through the browser.

    You might want to add your Nextcloud domain to /etc/hosts to ensure the connectivity if DNS resolution doesn't work for this:
    ```
    127.0.0.1 cloud.yourdomain.com 
    ```

    If you continue to see a warning about the WOPI allow list, make sure to also add the IP to the allow list under Settings/Administration/Office.
```
